README.md, before:

# chpass

Gather information from Chrome 🔑

[![Unit Tests](https://github.com/bengabay11/chpass/actions/workflows/unit-tests.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/bengabay11/chpass/actions/workflows/unit-tests.yml)
[![Integration Tests](https://github.com/bengabay11/chpass/actions/workflows/integration-tests.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/bengabay11/chpass/actions/workflows/integration-tests.yml)
[![python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3.9%20%7C%203.8%20%7C%203.9%20%7C%203.10%20%7C%203.12-blue)](https://pypi.org/project/chpass/)

## Features

- import/export passwords
- history
- google account profile picture
- downloads
- top visited sites

## Installing

```console
$ pip install chpass
```

## Usage

```console
usage: chpass [-h] [-u USER] [-i FILE_ADAPTER] {import,export} ...
```

> Chrome must be closed during the whole process, because its database is locked while running.

### Export

```console
usage: chpass export [-h] [-d DESTINATION_FOLDER] {passwords,history,downloads,top_sites,profile_pic} ...
```

### Import

```console
usage: chpass import [-h] -f FROM_FILE
```

> In order to import the passwords successfully, Chrome must be restarted after the import to load the passwords from the database.

## File adapters

`chpass` support read/write functionality with `csv` and `json`.

the default export and import is done with `csv`.

you can change the file adapter with the flag:

```console
$ chpass -i json export
```

## License

This project is licensed under the terms of the MIT license.

Commit message:

Use home-based default export path

README.md, after:

# chpass

Gather information from Chrome 🔑

[![Unit Tests](https://github.com/bengabay11/chpass/actions/workflows/unit-tests.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/bengabay11/chpass/actions/workflows/unit-tests.yml)
[![Integration Tests](https://github.com/bengabay11/chpass/actions/workflows/integration-tests.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/bengabay11/chpass/actions/workflows/integration-tests.yml)
[![python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3.9%20%7C%203.8%20%7C%203.9%20%7C%203.10%20%7C%203.12-blue)](https://pypi.org/project/chpass/)

## Features

- import/export passwords
- history
- google account profile picture
- downloads
- top visited sites

## Installing

```console
$ pip install chpass
```

## Usage

```console
usage: chpass [-h] [-u USER] [-i FILE_ADAPTER] {import,export} ...
```

> Chrome must be closed during the whole process, because its database is locked while running.

### Export

```console
usage: chpass export [-h] [-d DESTINATION_FOLDER] {passwords,history,downloads,top_sites,profile_pic} ...
```

If `-d/--destination` is omitted, files are exported to `~/chpass_exports` by default.

### Import

```console
usage: chpass import [-h] -f FROM_FILE
```

> In order to import the passwords successfully, Chrome must be restarted after the import to load the passwords from the database.

## File adapters

`chpass` support read/write functionality with `csv` and `json`.

the default export and import is done with `csv`.

you can change the file adapter with the flag:

```console
$ chpass -i json export
```

## License

This project is licensed under the terms of the MIT license.
